Saucer shot down in Europe.
Secret Einstein theories exist relative to UFO.
USAF have captured speceships in their possession.
3½ million spaceships circling planet earth.
President Eisenhower has been contacted by UFO's.
President's silence, part of spacepeople’s plan.
Heads of most governments have been contacted.
UFO's have captured planes in flight.
UFO's have captured guided missiles in flight.
Spacepeople have been contacted by radio.
Catholic priest gave "last rites" to dead little men of the
     crashed New Mexico saucer.
Russia has captured spaceships.
Little spaceman preserved in medical museum.
Cigar-shaped spaceships are unfriendly.
Two artificial satellites already orbiting earth.
Captured spaceships dematerialize and materialize before
     eyes of witnesses.
USAF pilots receiving UFO identification training.
Mysterious "W" seen on planet Mars.
Green fireballs are spacepeople test missiles.
Green fireballs are atmospheric radiation cleaners.
US has already sent into outer space.
Saucer has landed on Capitol lawn.
UFO's have rescued survivors at sea.
Small spaceman kept alive in pressure chamber in Cal.
"Key word" exists to identify true contact experiences.
Palomar Observatory has pictures of UFO’s.
UFO's may account for some missing persons.
Many spacepeople on earth today.
Early Egyptian culture affected by UFO's arrival.
Some spaceships 12 miles in length.
Red spot on Jupiter may be space station or ship.
Truman visited spaceship that landed in Alaska - 1948.
A 6-hr. film motion picture film, "Interplanetary" exists,
     held by USAF.
US government attempting to contact UFO's by radio.
Many UFO witnesses silenced by government.
Many UFO investigators have gone under-ground.
A certain sergeant is now in a mental institution, as a
     result of what he saw regarding UFO's.
USAF reached a high average of 700 UFO reports a week.
USAF has printed forms in regards to UFO's.
The UFO's are a prelude to the 2nd coming of Jesus Christ.
$35,000 offered for live martian in Brittany, France.
Australian Navy confirms existence Of UFO's.
Over 1000 leading scientists working on UFO projects.
USAF has fired guided missile-NIKE, hitting a UFO.
UFO's from Orion are unfriendly.
UFO sighted neat the moon with a 48 mile diameter.
White House has been briefed regarding the UFO's.
Duke of Edinburgh investigating the UFO's.
There is a race between two or more interplanetary races
     to establish themselves on earth.
Spacepeople drilling into earth from ocean floor for test
     and evaluation of earth's geology.
British Air Ministry has world map pin-pointing 34,000 UFO
     sightings.
Spacepeople desirous of contacting Michael Rennie, star of
     "The Day The Earth Stood Still".
$1000 offered by Jim Moseley for proof of UFO.
Mantell's last words: I "I've sighted the thing!"  "It looks
    metallic and it's tremendous in size." "I can see
    windows and my God! There's people in it…."
Bridge discovered on the moon.
As of 12/52 USAF pilots have chased UFO 300 times.