UFO's have been seen all over the world.
UFO's under study by most major nations.
UFO's often seen in large groups.
Many UFO's not reported, fear of ridicule.
Gun camera pictures reveal UFO's.
Motion picture footage exists of UFO's.
Large crowds have seen UFO's simultaneously.
Astronomers have seen UFO's.
Many scientists believe in existence of UFO's.
Many astronomers believe in existence of UFO's.
UFO's seem to appear periodically.
Many airline pilots, crews and passengers see UFO's.
Many unexplained ariel explosions reported.
UFO's cause erratic action of compasses.
Many unexplained air incidents and crashes.
TV and radio interference in vicinity of UFO's.
Ex-USAF officer who investigated UFO's, now
   writing books tending to be pro-saucers.
UFO's sighted both day and night.
USAF seems divided - pro and con regarding UFO's
UFO's have been tracked by radar.
UFO's have been tracked by theodolite.
USAF pilots have fired on UFO's.
Newspapers play up silly obvious UFO hoaxes; play
   down or ignore serious sightings.
A spacecraft convention is held annually at
   Yucca Valley, Cal. around April 25.
UFO's capable of taking as high as 20 G's.
Two thirds of sightings occur at night.
July and Dec, seemed to be good months for sightings.
Mysterious crators being found all over world.
Animals, especially birds react to nearness of UFO's.
Many sightings and spacepeople contacts in France.
Many of the world's major religions have made formal
    statements regarding the UFO's, etc.
Undersea unidentified objects have also been detected.
Unusual number of USA sightings.
Many new UFO books being prepared.
UFO investigators often visited by mysterious people.
Unknown metal, radio and gears taken from crashed saucer.
Many sightings of little spacemen.
Spacepeople seemed to be telepathic.
Spaceships and spacepeople have radiation around them.
Flashes of light seen on the Moon.
Scientists are receiving radio signals from Jupiter.
Thousands of glittering white spots seen on the Moon.
UFO's seem to concentrate on atomic installations.
Analysis of "angel-hair" reveals Br-Si-Ca-Mg.
Many airplanes held motionless in air while UFO's examine.
UFO's dive into water and disappear.
"Angel-hair" is radioactive.
For past 175 years, Earth has been under systematic surveillance.
Priests and ministers swear affidavits telling of UFO's sightings.
UFO's herald approach of new age.
Much research in anti-gravity.
Many reports of "angel-hair" falling from sky.
Scientists are receiving radio waves from Venus.
Welcome committees being formed for UFO visitors.
4000 ancient stone houses in Sardinia shaped like saucer -
   2600 years old.
Many saucer “contacts” in South America.